Add compiled mode documentation (#6440)
NVIDIA/DALI: docs/dali_dynamic/threading.rst

   :func:`set_num_threads` controls DALI's internal thread pool. It is unrelated to Python-level
   multithreading.

> Regarding :doc:`compiled mode <compiled_mode/index>`, only one compiled loop can be active per

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the :doc:`compiled mode <compiled_mode/index>`, only one compiled loop can be active per
```

Author: Fixed
